Vi said to Mylo: We're almost there.
Vi said to Jinx: Hey, Powder. Come take a look.
Vi said to Jinx: It's nice getting above it all, huh?
Vi said to Claggor: We're not gonna get caught. We'll be in and out before anyone notices.
Vi said to Mylo: All right, everybody, follow me. Just don't look down.
Vi said to Mylo: Gotta stay out of sight for this one.
Vi said to Claggor: No.
Vi said to Jinx: Powder, look at me. What did I tell you?
Vi said to Jinx: That's right! So?
Vi said to Claggor: Look around you. You think anyone topside's going hungry? Besides, this is exactly the sort of job Vander would've pulled when he was our age. I'm going. Are you with me or not?
Vi said to Claggor: Yeah, only if we screw up. So don't screw up.
Vi said to Mylo: All clear.
Vi said to Claggor: Means we're in the right place. You gonna get that door open any time soon?
Vi said: Must be an inventor.
Vi said to Jinx: Keep an eye out for anything that looks valuable, Powder. Before Mylo fills the bag with junk.
Vi said to Claggor: It was a tip from Little Man.
Vi said to Claggor: Just leave it.
Vi said to Mylo: Mylo.
Vi said to Jinx: Powder, we gotta go.
Vi said to Jinx: Come on.
Vi said to Mylo: We'll be fine. Just get back on the roof.
Vi said to Jinx: Hold on!
Vi said: Shit.
Vi said to Jinx: Faster!
Vi said to Jinx: Look out!
Vi said to Jinx: This way!
Vi said to Mylo: Well, this time's the last time.
Vi said to Mylo: Guys, we just emptied a Piltover penthouse right under the enforcers' noses. So, if you're done beating yourselves up, let's get this home.
Vi said to Deckerd: Is that so?
Vi said to Deckerd: Your streets? What makes you think...
Vi said to Deckerd: Just a taste?
Vi said to Deckerd: Wanna see how that ends?
Vi said to Claggor: Where's Powder?
Vi said to Claggor: Doesn't matter. The stuff's gone.
Vi said to Jinx: It's all right, Powder. At least you're okay.
Vi said to Mylo: Yup.
Vi said to Mylo: Just drop it, Mylo.
Vi said to Claggor: Vander learns none of this.
Vi said to Vander: That we can handle a real job.
Vi said to Vander: We got our own tip, planned a route, nobody even saw.
Vi said to Vander: That wasn't...
Vi said to Vander: I took us there. If you wanna be mad, be mad at me. But you're the one who always says we have to earn our place in this world.
Vi said to Vander: Why? They've got plenty, while we're down here scraping together coins. When did you get so comfortable living in someone else's shadow?
Vi said to Vander: I'm fine.
Vi said to Vander: Yeah, I know.
Vi said to Vander: I'm not...
Vi said to Vander: So? Why answer to them? These are our streets. Someone should remind them of that.
Vi said to Vander: Some idiot was following us.
Vi said to Vander: I don't know. He was after the stuff.
Vi said to Vander: We lost it.
Vi said to Vander: Okay. We're gonna be fine, right?
Vi said to Vander: Mm.
Vi said to Mylo: Mylo, I'm really not...
Vi said to Mylo: She made a mistake.
Vi said to Mylo: She's young.
Vi said to Mylo: You know what, Mylo? You're right. There's a bunch of things Powder just can't do.
Vi said to Mylo: Like, complain about everything.
Vi said to Mylo: And brag nonstop.
Vi said to Mylo: Pick fights with the group when we need to focus.
Vi said to Mylo: And tell strangers on the street that we got a nice haul?
Vi said to Mylo: Powder's my problem, okay? Your problem is never knowing when to shut up. But I'm gonna help you with that. Ready? You see this look on my face? This will always mean it's time to shut up.
Vi said to Jinx: What are you calling this one?
Vi said to Jinx: You wanna talk about today?
Vi said to Jinx: Nobody said that.
Vi said to Jinx: You don't have to be. Look, I've got these and you've got those.
Vi said to Jinx: They will. Come with me.
Vi said to Jinx: Come on.
Vi said to Jinx: See that gutter running along the canal? That's where Claggor got his foot stuck running from enforcers. They thought it was funny, so they left him there. He was out all night before we found him. That sign? You see it?
Vi said to Jinx: Mylo tripped over his own paint bucket and nearly fell off trying to draw a giant middle finger. His ass made that splotch. And that? When I was a kid, some guy took my favorite toy and threw it up there. I used to come out here at night and stare at it, hoping maybe the wind or a bird might knock it down. We've all had bad days. But we learn. And we stick together.
Vi said to Jinx: What are they?
Vi said to Jinx: No. Let's keep this our little secret. Mylo's wrong, Powder. You're stronger than you think. And one day... this city's gonna respect us.
Vi said to Jinx: Powder, we've gotta go!
Vi said to Mylo: Vander said to lay low. Enforcers never come down here, so this is as good a place as any.
Vi said to Jinx: Come on!
Vi said to Jinx: You need to hide those crystals.
Vi said: So, why aren't we? Spill it, Ekko.
Vi said: What deal?
Vi said to Vander: No, we're not okay. They almost saw Powder. What if they took her?
Vi said to Vander: It's already happening. You heard him, they won't stop. We need to fight back. And if you won't, I will.
Vi said to Vander: Why are we here?
Vi said to Vander: What I don't understand is how you can work with them. We were here. We saw what they did. I grew up knowing I'm less than them, that my place is down there. I want Powder to have more than that, and I'm willing to fight for it.
Vi said to Vander: What are we gonna do?
Vi said to Jinx: Me too. You know, Powder, what makes you different makes you strong. Always remember that, okay?
Vi said to Vander: Vander?
Vi said to Vander: How did you find me?
Vi said to Vander: I'm sorry, I... This is the only way to protect the others.
Vi said to Vander: What are you... No. Vander. Let me out. This isn't right.
Vi said to Vander: Vander, no. You can't do this.
Vi said to Benzo: Benzo, open the damn door.
Vi said: What's happening?
Vi said: No. No!
Vi said to Ekko: What about Vander?
Vi said to Ekko: Where?
Vi said: Where's the...
Vi said: Benzo's dead.
Vi said: They took Vander.
Vi said: I don't know. But I need to help him.
Vi said: Whatever killed Benzo... was like nothing I've ever seen. It tore him apart.
Vi said: Ekko followed them. The old cannery next to the docks. He said...
Vi said to Jinx: I need you to sit this one out, Powder.
Vi said to Jinx: You're not coming.
Vi said to Jinx: It's too dangerous.
Vi said to Jinx: I know what I said...
Vi said to Jinx: You're not ready. You're all I have left. I can't lose you. Here. If they come for you, take this and run. Where ever you are, light it up, and I'll find you. I promise.
Vi said: Let's get Vander and get out.
Vi said to Vander: We're breakin' you out.
Vi said to Mylo: Mylo.
Vi said to Vander: It was easy. We found an open window and...
Vi said to Claggor: Claggor, see if you can find another way out of here.
Vi said to Vander: Yes, I do.
Vi said to Vander: Vander. Vander...
Vi said: No!
Vi said to Jinx: What?
Vi said to Jinx: You did this? Why? Why did you do this?
Vi said to Jinx: I told you to stay away.
Vi said to Jinx: I told you to stay away!
Vi said to Jinx: Because you're a jinx. Do you hear me? Mylo was right.
Vi said to Jinx: Powder. Pow...
Vi said to Jinx: I can't lose you.
Vi said to Jinx: Because you're a jinx.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Who the hell are you?
Vi said to Caitlyn: My sunny personality.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Why not?
Vi said to Caitlyn: Hmm, bummer.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Couldn't have put it better. Hey, give Silco a kiss on that winning eye of his, will you?
Vi said to Caitlyn: Okay, this is getting old. Can you just send in whoever's gonna kick the shit out of me, so I can get on with my night?
Vi said to Caitlyn: Where did you get this?
Vi said to Caitlyn: Uh, they all do. How can anyone not know that? Where did you find this?
Vi said to Caitlyn: I could get it for you. Just not from in here.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Someone like me? You enforcers are all the same. Just asshole criminals in fancy uniforms. You know what? Find Silco yourself.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Hmm... Undercity's gonna eat you alive.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Too risky.
Vi said to grunt: Nice jacket.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Welcome to the Lanes.
Vi said to Caitlyn: My little sister could do that when she was seven. All us fissure folk can. Don't you want to blend in?
Vi said to Caitlyn: Oh, Jericho! Have I missed these. Hmm?
Vi said to Caitlyn: You're missing out.
Vi said to Caitlyn: About what? The meat? Definitely not above board.
Vi said to Caitlyn: We're here because I'm hungry. Do you know what prison food is like? No, of course, you don't.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Mm. Better than I remember.
Vi said to Caitlyn: You don't know anything.
Vi said to Caitlyn: The one place all the secrets are spilled.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Let 'em think you work here.
Vi said to Caitlyn: You know what your problem is?
Vi said to Caitlyn: You expect everyone to give you what you want. If you really want people to talk to you, you have to let them think you have what they want.
Vi said to Caitlyn: You're hot, cupcake. So what'll it be, man or woman?
Vi said to Pim: Matilda. But you can call her whatever you want.
Vi said to informant: By the looks of it, no one down here lifted a finger to stop Silco.
Vi said to informant: I saw.
Vi said to informant: Have you heard anything about Powder? I think Silco has her. I have to find her.
Vi said to informant: I owe you.
Vi said to Sevika: You filthy traitor.
Vi said to Sevika: Where's my sister? Where's he keeping her?
Vi said to Caitlyn: Why did you let her go?
Vi said to Caitlyn: He's gonna know we're here now.
Vi said to Caitlyn: You're an all-right shot.
Vi said to Caitlyn: You gonna help me out, cupcake?
Vi said to Caitlyn: But you're so sweet. Like a cupcake.
Vi said to Caitlyn: What the hell is that?
Vi said to Caitlyn: Never mind, just help me to the edge.
Vi said to Caitlyn: It's where the kind of people you topsiders don't want to think about, wind up. It was never this big, though. There.
Vi said to Caitlyn: It doesn't work. It never has. You topsiders always find a way to screw us.
Vi said to Caitlyn: No. Not all of them.
Vi said to Caitlyn: You don't know anything about me. I shouldn't have left you.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Right. Jinx. How could I forget?
Vi said to Caitlyn: My sister. I thought she died, but, no. I have to try and find her.
Vi said to Caitlyn: It's hard to check up on people from inside a concrete cell.
Vi said to Caitlyn: No! They were killed by enforcers.
Vi said to Silco: What have you done with my sister?
Vi said to Silco: I'm gonna find her and erase whatever fucked-up delusions you put in her head. But first, I'm gonna bring your bullshit empire down all around you.
Vi said to Silco: Yeah, well... You talk too much.
Vi said to Jinx: Powder?
Vi said to Jinx: Oh, Powder! I'm so sorry, Powder. I... I tried to come back. I promise, I did. But I... I got arrested.
Vi said to Jinx: I don't know. I... It doesn't matter. I just... I never thought I'd see you again.
Vi said to Jinx: Yes, of course. It's me, Vi, your sister. I'm here. I'm right here.
Vi said to Jinx: I know, Pow-pow, I know. You did what you had to do to survive. Me too. It's okay. What matters is we're together.
Vi said to Jinx: It's okay. She's a friend.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Caitlyn, just listen, we can work this out.
Vi said to Jinx: Powder, it's okay.
Vi said to Jinx: You're not a jinx. God, I never should have...
Vi said to Jinx: No, I don't even know what that is, I...
Vi said to Jinx: Powder! I'm here for you. Only you. You can fire that thing if you want, but I'm not going anywhere. I'm not going to abandon you again.
Vi said to Jinx: Powder. Powder!
Vi said to Caitlyn: You've been a real picnic yourself.
Vi said to Caitlyn: This isn't Silco, it's someone else.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Cause we'd already be dead.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Just as soon as you came clean about what the hell you're really doing down here.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Bullshit. What was that glowing stone? That's what I thought.
Vi said to guard: Hey, stop! Get your hands off of me!
Vi said to guard: Let me go!
Vi said to guard: Hey.
Vi said to Ekko: You shy? Or just ugly?
Vi said to Ekko: Ekko?
Vi said to Ekko: Nothing. What the hell is this all about?
Vi said to Ekko: Her name is Powder. And I just found her when you and your goons showed up. It's me. Vi. Same person who used to take you down to the junk heap and hose you down when you got covered in grease.
Vi said to Ekko: Yeah. I'm getting that.
Vi said to Ekko: Fuck. You.
Vi said to Ekko: You were following us? Why didn't you say something?
Vi said to Ekko: So... so you just come out swinging?
Vi said to Ekko: Ah, well, you shoulda learned more. You still punch like a little boy.
Vi said to Ekko: I remember when you wouldn't stand up to me. I missed you, little man.
Vi said to Ekko: How long have you been whining?
Vi said to Ekko: Is that real tree?
Vi said to Ekko: You built all this?
Vi said to Ekko: I should have been there. For you. For everyone.
Vi said to Ekko: Or maybe you'd be dead. Or... changed.
Vi said to Ekko: You're wrong. She's still in there. I can reach her.
Vi said to Ekko: I know my sister.
Vi said to Caitlyn: My hero.
Vi said to Ekko: Ekko, she believes what she's saying, okay? She's not your enemy.
Vi said to Caitlyn: What is it?
Vi said to Caitlyn: You just forgot to mention that?
Vi said to Caitlyn: We call them firelights. Never seen so many though.
Vi said to Ekko: I can't leave her again.
Vi said to Ekko: I have to try.
Vi said to Ekko: No promises.
Vi said to Caitlyn: It's been real, Cupcake. Thanks. For everything.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Caitlyn!
Vi said to Caitlyn: Will you be okay? I'll be right back.
Vi said to Caitlyn: What?
Vi said to Caitlyn: Who lives here? Another Councilor friend of yours?
Vi said to Caitlyn: You did all this yourself? Without even going down there? And I thought Powder could get obsessed.
Vi said to Caitlyn: When my parents were still alive... me and Powder used to share a bed like this. Except, maybe, half the size. We played a game where we pretended to be bigger and bigger monsters. So she would say, "I'm a slug monster with venom for ooze." And I'd say, "Well, I'm a slug-eating crab with razor spikes." Sometimes, I... I'd get carried away and she'd get scared. I didn't want her to start crying and wake my parents up, so... I pretended to chase my own monsters away. I'd say... No monster's gonna get you when I'm here. Then a real monster showed up. And I just ran away. I left her.
Vi said to Jinx: You know, Powder, you're stronger than you think.
Vi said: Her name is Jinx.
Vi said: What? You want to negotiate with him?
Vi said: This is insane. Did you learn nothing? You can't talk to him! He hates you. Everything you stand for. He will never back down.
Vi said: Forget it. I remember where your fancy damn door is.
Vi said to Caitlyn: I don't know. Back where I came from? Seems like that's what everyone up here wants.
Vi said to Caitlyn: You can't! This is how things are. How they've always been. I was so stupid to think it could change.
Vi said to Caitlyn: We tried. Okay? It wasn't enough. Topside and bottom. Oil and water. That's all there is.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Oil and water. Wasn't meant to be.
Vi said to Caitlyn: Do yourself a favor, Cupcake. Go back to that big, shiny house of yours and just... forget me, okay?
Vi said to Jayce: You want to make Silco pay for what he's done?
Vi said to Jayce: You guys really like to bandy that threat around. You ever been to Stillwater?
Vi said to Jayce: So you just wave an arm, have someone dragged off, don't bother to find out what it does to someone being stuffed in a stone box for weeks, or months, or even years?
Vi said to Jayce: I want in.
Vi said to Jayce: Fuck the Council. You said you were tired of doing nothing. That's the only sensible thing that came out of anyone's mouth tonight.
Vi said to Jayce: No, you're a victim. Huh... This so people notice you when you raise your hand in the boardroom?
Vi said to Jayce: Hmm. Someone close to me had a pair of these. You're the first person Caitlyn looked for when we made it to topside. Of everyone up here, you're the one she trusted to do something.
Vi said to Jayce: Silco controls the undercity with Shimmer. Shut down his supply, and it's only a matter of time before his own people turn on him.
Vi said to Jayce: Take out his manufacturing facilities. Hit them hard and fast, before he can react. So... We got a deal, pretty boy?
Vi said to Jayce: You didn't have a choice. He knew what he was signing up for.
Vi said to Jayce: We haven't even scratched the surface. Silco's still out there.
Vi said to Jayce: You've always been a part of this. You just never had to look it in the eye. One dead kid? There's hundreds more where he came from, thanks to Silco, and thanks to people like you who stuck their heads in the dirt.
Vi said to Jayce: Not for me.
Vi said to Jayce: Make me.
Vi said to Jayce: Then, I guess you're gonna need to kill another trencher.
Vi said: Silco.
Vi said to Jinx: Powder?
Vi said to Jinx: Are we alone?
Vi said to Jinx: I'm sorry, Powder. I never meant to leave you.
Vi said to Jinx: I spent so many nights in that shitty prison. On the freezing floor, hungry, bloody, counting the hours. The only thing... The only thing that kept me going was the thought of getting back to you.
Vi said to Jinx: Nothing is ever going to change that.
Vi said to Jinx: What's going on?
Vi said: Huh?
Vi said to Jinx: What did you do?
Vi said to Jinx: Huh? No!
Vi said to Jinx: Powder! Leave her out of this.
Vi said to Jinx: I can't.
Vi said to Jinx: No! Powder, listen. We... we can just go. We'll leave and never come back.
Vi said to Jinx: It's true, we'll put this behind us. You'll never have to see him again, Powder.
Vi said to Jinx: I'm not lying. I'm on your side. I promise.
Vi said to Jinx: No. Please. No! Stop!
Vi said to Caitlyn: Wait! She's my sister.
Vi said to Caitlyn: No, no, no. Look out!
Vi said to Jinx: Damn it! Powder, wake up! Remember who you are! I know you remember! Picture Mylo! Claggor!
Vi said to Jinx: Vander!
Vi said to Jinx: Dad! Mom! Me!
Vi said to Jinx: Powder? It's okay. We'll be okay.
